README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1506855988.png" width="50%"/>
<br/>
</p>

# Night Video Tuner 

<a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/blob/master/LICENSE">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/license/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/releases">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/release/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/issues">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/stargazers">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>

**Protect your eyes and improve your sleeping cycles by adjusting video temperature and many other properties!**

<p align="center" style="font-size:5px;">
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1502032921.png" width="420" />
<br />
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1502032952.png" width="420" />
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1502032972.png" width="420" />
<br />
<i><sub>A few examples of the extension being used!</sub></i>
</p>

# Features at a glance

* Use on all HTML5 video players: Youtube, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Vimeo and more!
* Adjust video temperature to filter out blue light before sleep, which can distort your circadian rhythm according to recent research.
* Control 9 other filters to reduce eye strain and enjoy a better night viewing experience: brightness, contrast, grayscale, invert, opacity, saturate, sepia, blur and hue.
* Not only useful in night mode: tune video settings the other way around for bright environments.
* Improve the visual quality of videos and enjoy more vibrant images at all times.
* Enable, disable and precisely manage filters on the fly.
* Lightweight and user-friendly interface.
* Free, no user tracking, no ads.
* Available in English and French.
* Source code fully available.

Check out what's new in the [latest releases](https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/releases)!

# Getting started

#### :cd: Extension installation

Simply navigate to the ![Chrome](http://images.jupload.fr/1502307545.png) [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/night-video-tuner/ogffaloegjglncjfehdfplabnoondfjo) if you are using Chrome, to the ![Opera](http://images.jupload.fr/1502307420.png) [Opera Add-Ons Store](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/night-video-tuner) if you are using Opera or to the ![Firefox](http://images.jupload.fr/1506028278.png) [Firefox Add-Ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/night-video-tuner) if you are using Firefox. 

Click on the install button on the top right of the window. The extension will be installed automatically and should not require a browser restart in order to be used.

# Contributing

#### `$ code`

Want to make Night Video Tuner better, faster, stronger? Contributions are more than welcome, open a **pull request** and share your code! Simply **fork** the repository by clicking on the icon on the top right of this page and you're ready to go!

#### :speech_balloon: Support

Thought of a cool idea? Found a problem or need some help? Simply open an [**issue**](https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/issues)!

#### :star: Thanks

Find the project useful, fun or interesting? **Star** the repository by clicking on the icon on the top right of this page!

# License 

GNU General Public License v3.0

Commit message:

Added instructions to run tests

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1506855988.png" width="50%"/>
<br/>
</p>

# Night Video Tuner 

<a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/blob/master/LICENSE">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/license/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/releases">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/release/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/issues">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/stargazers">
<img src ="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner.svg" />
</a>

**Protect your eyes and improve your sleeping cycles by adjusting video temperature and many other properties!**

<p align="center" style="font-size:5px;">
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1502032921.png" width="420" />
<br />
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1502032952.png" width="420" />
<img src ="http://images.jupload.fr/1502032972.png" width="420" />
<br />
<i><sub>A few examples of the extension being used!</sub></i>
</p>

# Features at a glance

* Use on all HTML5 video players: Youtube, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Vimeo and more!
* Adjust video temperature to filter out blue light before sleep, which can distort your circadian rhythm according to recent research.
* Control 9 other filters to reduce eye strain and enjoy a better night viewing experience: brightness, contrast, grayscale, invert, opacity, saturate, sepia, blur and hue.
* Not only useful in night mode: tune video settings the other way around for bright environments.
* Improve the visual quality of videos and enjoy more vibrant images at all times.
* Enable, disable and precisely manage filters on the fly.
* Lightweight and user-friendly interface.
* Free, no user tracking, no ads.
* Available in English and French.
* Source code fully available.

Check out what's new in the [latest releases](https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/releases)!

# Getting started

#### :cd: Extension installation

Simply navigate to the ![Chrome](http://images.jupload.fr/1502307545.png) [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/night-video-tuner/ogffaloegjglncjfehdfplabnoondfjo) if you are using Chrome, to the ![Opera](http://images.jupload.fr/1502307420.png) [Opera Add-Ons Store](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/night-video-tuner) if you are using Opera or to the ![Firefox](http://images.jupload.fr/1506028278.png) [Firefox Add-Ons Store](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/night-video-tuner) if you are using Firefox. 

Click on the install button on the top right of the window. The extension will be installed automatically and should not require a browser restart in order to be used.

#### :hammer: Running the tests

If you're a developer, you may be interested in running the tests. Simply clone the respository and open `tests/SpecRunner.html` in your favorite browser! A full report will be generated using Jasmine.

# Contributing

#### `$ code`

Want to make Night Video Tuner better, faster, stronger? Contributions are more than welcome, open a **pull request** and share your code! Simply **fork** the repository by clicking on the icon on the top right of this page and you're ready to go!

#### :speech_balloon: Support

Thought of a cool idea? Found a problem or need some help? Simply open an [**issue**](https://github.com/PyvesB/NightVideoTuner/issues)!

#### :star: Thanks

Find the project useful, fun or interesting? **Star** the repository by clicking on the icon on the top right of this page!

# License 

GNU General Public License v3.0
